What's your top tip for uncovering a
short? And the reason I asked this is
cuz I remember
there's a hedge fund manager who who has
never been on the show, but one can
dream. But his whole like his whole
strategy as he described it to me, he
always said, "Follow the bad people."
Cuz if bad people show up at one
company, assuming they don't go to jail
and a lot of them don't, they go on to
the next company and there's a tendency
for things to go awry there as well. And
so if you just follow those
personalities from thing to thing to
thing,
you can spot a pattern there. What's
your sort of, I guess, secret
pattern sauce when it comes to finding
these things?
>> If only it was simple as just one thing.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh of course, following people matters,
following money, investor quality also
matters, who's funding this business. Um
In this market especially, you have to
be weary of the dependency on
narratives, right? There are healthy
companies that are using narratives to
explain their economics, but then there
are dodgy and failing companies that are
using narratives to explain away their
economics. Uh so you have to be able to
tell the difference. Um we we tend to
follow sectors where you have some sort
of structural component that is going to
put pressure on the business because
that is really the test of your
management, uh you know, their
governance and their ability to when
they are dealing with pressure, do they
turn to fraud and financial engineering
and potentially financial fraud,
accounting shenanigans, or uh do they
are they transparent about their
problems and and they they face the
repricing themselves?
Um
but I would say what what we really
focus on, and this kind of goes along
the lines of people. Um in cases of
terminal fraud especially, where you're
going to have fraud at a systemic level.
So it's going to go all the way up to
the top. It's the people that are
running that business that are somehow
rotten.
Uh you need to understand how they think
and it's it's a this behavioral
component where you have to understand
what the pressures on them are.
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the Odd Lots podcast. I'm Tracy Alloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal.
>> Joe, I have a soft spot for short
sellers. [music] I think what they do is
sort of sometimes similar to journalism,
right? You're trying to root out a
particular story about a specific
company and bring it to light, I guess.
Uh and I always wanted to talk to this
particular short seller. She's She's
kind of famous in the space. I think
she's one of the few short sellers,
maybe, who's been in a Netflix
documentary, more than one, I think at
this point.
>> Yeah. No, it's it's pretty like I I
totally agree with you about short
sellers. I mean, I think like when you
look at the broad history of markets or
particularly, you know, US markets over
the last several decades, they basically
go up and there's a lot of money to be
made by just like, you know,
betting on the line going up. So, I
think you have to have like a sort of
distinct personality type to think, "Oh,
maybe there is some other interesting
way to make money um in this market
besides betting on stocks going up." But
it's a fun It's an important service
because one, you know, as they will say
and I think there's probably something
to it, shorting helps provide like price
discovery. You can't just have everyone
long. But then there's like another
layer that I think is very important and
this is the maybe connection to
journalism. They often do a lot of work,
right? They often have to do a lot of
sort of what in a very slightly adjacent
field what might be like considered
investigative journalism.
>> And sometimes they get a lot of pushback
as well, which, you know, if you if you
go out and Google this particular guest
when it comes to a company like
Wirecard, like famously she was being
attacked on the streets of Manhattan and
things like that. So, just an incredible
story and we're very lucky to have her
on stage with us live at our show in
London.
>> Yeah, that's right. And in addition to
talking about the sort of the life of a
short seller, what it's like being a
short seller,
uh we also sort of learned some new
news, which is that uh she is getting
interested in the Korean market.
>> Yeah, she's actually going long for the
first time ever and she's chosen uh
Korea, which is a very hot market at the
moment to do that. So, our guest is
Fahmi Qadir. She is the founder and CIO
of Safkhet Capital. She also has a cool
nickname, The Assassin. Uh really the
perfect person to speak to. Go ahead and
uh take a listen.
>> In that introduction, I didn't actually
even say one of the coolest things about
you because there are a lot, but you are
famous for going up against Valeant and
Wirecard and shorting those successfully
and you are also known as The Assassin,
which as someone who has always yearned
for a cool nickname, I'm very jealous of
that. Yeah.
>> Yeah, I guess um ever since I got the
nickname, so I'll let you in on a little
secret.
I got that nickname before anyone knew
who I was. It was a way to basically
assign my my research, my product as it
was being sent out to other short
sellers and investors um because I was
an unknown entity.
Um so, another short seller who knew who
I was just said, "Let's call her The
Assassin." So, it was sort of
genderless, ageless,
um but it stuck.
>> Talking about what is how would you
describe Safkhet Capital, what is the
We'll get into the details, but big
picture, what is your firm?
>> We launched in 2018 and we've have
traditionally focused on high conviction
shorting. Um so, our fund exclusively
shorts um and I and I really mean that.
We are only holding short positions.
We're not allowed by fund mandate to go
directionally long in any way, not hedge
in any way. So, we need to be really
right on every position we take.
>> So, what's client demand actually like
at the moment because, you know, we were
talking about short sellers kind of
becoming a dying breed. If you think
about someone like Jim Chanos, who we've
had on the show a number of times, he
basically, you know, closed his fund,
converted it into a family office
because he said no one was interested in
shorting the market anymore.
>> It's wild. I have uh been in this
business as a short seller now for about
11 years. Um and I've seen multiple
cycles of short sellers coming and
going.
Uh and I have to say it's never been an
easy time. Uh I think the institutional
allocator community was interested in
funding shorts back after the GFC. Um so
at that was the point where you had the
rise of larger short bias funds. Um but
years of underperformance meant that
these allocators lost interest. So, by
the time I was launching in 2018, there
was really limited interest in funding
shorts. Um
investors believed in short alpha.
Um but the allocator community was
really moving towards market neutral
strategies. Um so, it was never easy. Um
and then as things as we head into 2021
and everything with GameStop, the idea
of having conviction short positions
also became a huge risk.
>> Um even if you're a short seller who
never touched GameStop or any of the
meme stocks, an allocator doesn't care
because they just see the risk
associated with concentration on the
short side. Um so,
we got to a point where it basically
became There was no business case for
running a short fund because no one was
willing to pay you to do it. Um and
sadly, uh it's probably a tells us
something about where we are in the
market cycle.
Um so, every every day is a day about
trying to evolve and stay in business.
>> So, how are you still here?
>> Well, I think by the skin of my teeth.
Uh it isn't easy. Um I was fortunate
enough to have picked investors who
really gave me a lot of leeway to figure
things out. But I would say since 2021
it's really been an existential crisis
for me to understand, you know, what is
the value of short-selling in the golden
age of fraud? Um, because the
informational alpha we provide, uh, the
research that we do, that has to affect
price discovery. Because ultimately the
role of a conviction short-seller or any
short-seller for that matter, whether
you're a systematic algo or a market
maker, is to provide liquidity and
support price discovery, right? And
conviction short-sellers do that, too.
Um, but the informational alpha
components, it's just not affecting
price discovery at this time in the same
way it has traditionally. So,
short-sellers have had to become
essentially become factor investors like
everyone else. Um, we're chasing
momentum and we're trying to find
smaller windows of opportunity to make
profit and de-risk our positions.
>> Say more about the golden age of fraud,
because it I mean,
it feels like grift is everywhere right
now. So, you could in theory find a
bunch of targets, um, but on the other
hand, it also feels like everyone is
willing to ignore grift because they
just want to grab on to the momentum and
go along for the ride. What is the like
target environment actually like for
you?
>> The target environment is very rich, of
course. Um, but the way you're actually
timing the trades is very different. Um,
historically you could build conviction
a position and you could at least have
some small exposure to that over time,
um, and, you know, trade into certain
catalysts that you see.
Um, you could ensure that your your
thesis is materializes in the market
some way. You could go to regulators and
you could, you know, blow the whistle on
some of these frauds.
Uh, but a A of these levers that we
traditionally had just don't exist
anymore.
Uh many of the contacts that I had are
no longer in their old positions.
Um so, we we've had to go go more and
focus on fundamental catalysts, which
was always an important part of
shorting. Um but now it's a lot more um
and and more than I I necessarily like
focusing on what will happen during
earnings, um really trying to find the
early signs of fundamental
deterioration. But ultimately, you're
waiting for the narrative to break and
you're shorting on the way down. And
it's always best you you make the most
money on the the short when your your
thesis is materializing and momentum is
in your favor and you size into that. Um
so, as as everyone is running for the
exits, you're both shorting more and
also covering your position.
Um but as far as where we're shorting,
uh
you know,
our our target we we tend to focus on
the consumer a lot. Uh and I think
everyone's so focused with AI and a big
part of that is is unemployment. Um but
the the consumer is stressed. Um you
know, headline figures not necessarily
compared to you know, pre-GFC.
Um but if we look at household debt, um
you know, we're at 80% of income.
Um and then but the more important
number figure that's growing is debt
servicing, which is at 11% of income.
And if you look at households that have
a significant student loan burden, that
figure is much much higher and it's
growing.
Um
and and what we're seeing is sort of
this bifurcation within households. So,
you have an older generation that's
stabilizing, that's sort of this
economic anchor, and then you have a
younger generation that is stressed, um
that's facing greater unemployment, um
and this just generational wealth gap.
Um and and we're really focused on where
is this consumer struggling? Um because
I think however we think about durable
consumer cycles, that's all really going
to change because of this bifurcation.
Um, so we're looking a lot into consumer
adjacent businesses that have high
funding needs.
Um, we we really like levered roll-ups,
which are generally always good.
>> There's a lot of those in the US.
[laughter and gasps]
>> Um, so levered roll-ups in the consumer
discretionary space, but we're also
looking a lot in healthcare, healthcare
services. Um, I think for the mid-long
term, healthcare is going to be an
important theme on the short side
because yes, it's the golden age of
fraud, but it's also the age of
populism. And uh, the the themes around
uh, reimbursement, cost of care, and the
systemic issues in the the US healthcare
system, these are here to stay. And I
think as we lead into the uh, midterms
and into the next presidential, they're
going to be important themes that we can
invest on.
Um, for the past 2 years, I think
investors have really gone full in to
this sort of deregulation investment
theme.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, but the reality with deregulation is
that it's almost like what I like as a
short seller likes to call willful
blindness.
Um, a lot of these businesses may look
robust in this kind of environment, but
those fundamentals depend on exploiting
the consumer, price gouging, and these
are behaviors where, you know, you won't
be able to continue and sustain those in
a more populist political atmosphere.
>> Do you distinguish
between Okay, you talk about rising
household debt levels. You talk about
these sort of fundamental drivers of
reasons to think that businesses is will
decline. Is that a category difference
versus, say, looking for companies that
have something suspicious in their
accounting? Like, is that a a
fundamentally different type of trade?
Here's a company where the fundamentals
are turning. Here's another company in
which the the numbers just don't look
right, and you think that one day the
people are going to discover that and
it'll go to zero.
>> I think there is definitely an alignment
here because fraud is never good for
business and taking advantage of your
consumer is also never good for
business. So, these things do converge.
Um you know, if you look at consumer
finance, uh
these these stocks have done really well
lately. Um but if you're actually
looking at the underlying assets and and
what's being securitized, they're
they're it's not looking as good. Um and
loss recognition is really lagging. And
again, these go this goes back to
putting more pressure on an already
stressed consumer. Um and a lot of these
businesses that rely on price gouging
um and and kind of taking advantage of a
looser regulatory environment, they do
so because they may have structural
issues that they're already contending
with. Um and the the thing about
businesses that are facing a structural
decline, whether that's, you know,
circumstantial or something that's, you
know, fundamental and terminal, they
will all turn to financial engineering
um because that's the only way they can
try to mask the the deterioration in the
fundamentals of the business. Um so so I
would say that the most the safest
shorts in this environment or are
companies where you have that sort of
structural uh break, where the narrative
is broken. You know, the company may try
to acquire new businesses and say
they're you know, they're changing the
story, but if the economics aren't
following up and lining up with these
acquisitions and you still see can you
know, continue to see the fundamental
deterioration, those are the shorts you
can still, even in this market, sit in
and ride ride down.
>> You know, you mentioned uh levered
private equity roll-ups. Can you give us
your thoughts on private credit in
general because we keep getting these
sort of idiosyncratic blow-ups, you
know, the things that Jamie Dimon refers
to as cockroaches.
And they seem idiosyncratic, but then
they keep happening and so it's kind of
difficult not to ask the question about
whether or not this is a more
generalized issue.
>> Everyone loves to talk about private
credit. It's not necessarily a theme we
look at because we are pretty
idiosyncratic. So you know, we are
looking at it where it touches some of
the consumer facing businesses
that are getting you know, credit from
from these businesses from these
lenders.
But I think where I will everyone likes
to talk about the dot com bubble and you
know, the parallels to right now. But
let's go further back to radio utilities
and electrification. And if we look at
the structure of those utility
companies, the holding structure and
like there were layers of financing at
each level and there was cash flows
being recycled between each of these
layers.
And the thing was it was an entirely
black box. No one really knew what was
going on.
And that's kind of how I see things
unfolding today especially with within
AI and within the circular deals. You
have a lot of money going around and
what this is effectively doing because
we don't see everything. It's
manufacturing to to some extent demand.
That demand is driven by capital flows.
So I think an important catalyst for the
market will be the open AI IPO whenever
that may happen. An informational
catalyst because we'll see you know, the
the financial narratives will be laid
bare.
>> You'll get the perspectives with
>> Exactly.
>> Presumably a flow chart that kind of
goes like this. We'll see.
>> Exactly and I think investors then will
be forced to reckon with how they've
priced some of this demand
and maybe that will be an important you
know, repricing moment for the market in
general.
>> Maybe you know,
a theoretical open AI IPO could be the
top. Maybe you know, who knows etc.
Do people often or do you or is there
like like can you be a professional
short seller but not be sort of
temperamentally bearish? Do people
conflate bearishness with proclivity to
short?
>> Yeah, because I think most short sellers
I know are not bearish the market.
>> Yeah.
>> And if you ever look at some of the
things that short sellers go long,
sometimes it's highly speculative
momentum driven stuff. And and many
short sellers are again hedging their
shorts versus the market, right? And and
they're are are net long not net short.
Um
but
for me, I and I speak for myself. I
don't speak for other short sellers. Um
short selling is about identifying
things that are broken in the market. Uh
you mentioned, you know, golden age of
fraud, age of grift. Uh we we don't
necessarily have anyone looking for
these breaks, for these things that are
failing,
for these misrepresentations.
Um we're we're all just so concerned
with chasing money and chasing profit uh
that a lot of this gets thrown by the
wayside. And short selling is the one
way where we're kind of pushing back.
It's pushing back against this, you
know, amoral drift um towards, you know,
financial nihilism, whatever you want to
call it. Um and and right now, I would
say short sellers are one of the only
and one of the last uh arbiters of like
market-based corporate governance.
>> feel like there's many rules these days.
>> There are rules, um but whether
>> Oh, enforced rules.
>> En- en- enforced rules. Um so, the SEC,
for example, um you know, enforcement
activity, enforcement actions for the
SEC from '23 to '24 dropped, I believe,
26%
and then the following year dropped
another 22%.
Um so, I want to say, you know, this
isn't something that's tied to a single
administration. It really is tied to
procyclicality
um because no regulator wants to stand
in the way of something as big as the AI
boom. Um and it's always in the
aftermath that we realize this.
>> What's your top tip for uncovering a
short? And the reason I asked this is
cuz I remember um
there's a hedge fund manager who who has
never been on the show, but one can
dream. But his whole like his whole
strategy as he described it to me, he
always said, "Follow the bad people."
Cuz if bad people show up at one
company, assuming they don't go to jail
and a lot of them don't, they go on to
the next company and there's a tendency
for things to go awry there as well. And
so if you just follow those
personalities from thing to thing to
thing,
you can spot a pattern there. What's
your sort of, I guess, secret um pattern
sauce when it comes to finding these
things?
>> If only it was simple as just one thing.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh
of course, following people matters,
following money, investor quality also
matters, who's funding this business.
Um
In this market, especially, you have to
be wary of the dependency on narratives,
right? There are healthy companies that
are using narratives to explain their
economics. But then there are dodgy and
failing companies that are using
narratives to explain away their
economics. Uh so you have to be able to
tell the difference.
Um we we tend to follow sectors where
you have some sort of structural
component that is going to put pressure
on the business because that is really
the test of your management, uh you
know, their governance and their ability
to when they are dealing with pressure,
do they turn to fraud and financial
engineering and potentially financial
fraud, accounting shenanigans, or uh do
they are they transparent about their
problems and and they they face the
repricing themselves?
Um
but I would say what what we really
focus on, and this kind of goes along
the lines of people. Um in cases of
terminal fraud, especially, where you're
going to have fraud at a systemic level.
So it's going to go all the way up to
the top. It's the people that are
running that business that are somehow
rotten.
Uh you need to understand how they
think. And it's it's a this behavioral
component, where you have to understand
what the pressures on them are. Um
because many times that is not the
stock. Uh there's going to be other
exogenous factors that are worrying them
when the the house of cards is starting
to fall in on them. Um and I'll I'll use
an example for your audience. Um you
know, we're in London, so you guys all
probably know about Wirecard.
Um so so you know, the headlines of
Wirecard was always, you know, with the
Financial Times and the accounting
fraud. Um in the aftermath, we all know
now that the co-founder of Wirecard was
a Russian spy. Um and you know, uh from
from our research, it was always about
the money laundering. Um and that
basically the business was built around
money laundering. So apart from what the
Financial Times was doing
um on the accounting side with Wirecard
Asia, we were looking at Wirecard's
business in the US.
Um and this was a part of the market,
you know, no one really followed. Um but
the kingpin, the fixer as I'd like to
call him, um for Wirecard's business
through the US with US dollars, was this
guy who was actually best friends with
Jan Marsalek, the Russian spy co-founder
of Wirecard.
Um so we we presented information on
him. And it was I believe it was uh
towards the end of March 2020, um when
we were following, you know, the docket
every day in the Southern District of
New York, and we saw finally there's an
like an arrest warrant out for this guy
who is the best friend of Jan Marsalek.
And this was something the market is not
following. Um
you know, while this is all happening,
Wirecard is saying everything is all
okay. Wirecard is putting out press
statements saying that I don't I'm just
not a good I'm not a good analyst.
That's why I think it's money
laundering.
Um but his best friend was arrested. And
after that happened, there was a
psychological collapse. Um you know, a
few weeks later, it it Jan Marsalek's
birthday party. Um, he was chugging
bottles of vodka, rolling around on the
floor, not sure what to do with himself.
>> Bad bad signs.
>> Bad sign.
Um, and and then within a month and a
half
$2 billion missing, Wirecard goes bust.
Um, so it's about understanding what are
these pressure points. What will
actually make these guys sweat?
>> Let's pivot a little bit because you're
also interested and deeply knowledgeable
in investing in probably the world's
most interesting and exciting stock
market, which is Korea, which is
interesting I think for two reasons. One
because of the chips and we know they're
making a ton of money from AI, but also
just sort of changes in corporate
governance and attitudes towards the
stock market, period. What should
everyone know about how the Korean stock
market works?
>> Yeah, as so just to to take it up a step
back, um, because, you know, this is my
first time going long. So,
>> Wait, no, this is big news.
>> Yeah, this is big news.
>> You've never gone long before.
>> I've never gone long before, yeah.
>> Wow.
>> So,
>> You're finally going to make Finally get
to join the party.
>> [laughter]
>> But how should we think about this? Like
is this capitulation? Like does this say
more about the short strategy than it
does about the Korean market?
>> So so that's that's what I want to say.
I wouldn't read too much into this as
like the last short seller puts, you
know, throws in the towel. That's not
what this is. Um, you know, obviously,
you know, thinking back to just the
business landscape for short sellers and
the funding environment for short
sellers, um, it's it's really about
thinking about my identity as a short
seller and what do I want my legacy in
the markets to be? Um, yeah, I love
being the assassin and there's, you
know, I have great pride in helping
talk, you know, bring up the discussion
of dark pricing, bringing down a money
laundering organization. Uh, these
things are important to me, but, you
know, my skills have more utility than
just that. Um, and that's that was the
starting point. You know, how do I use
my skills in the golden age of fraud?
You know, if I can't go and whistle-blow
on companies in the US in the West, then
where can I go? Who wants to see me use
these skills? Who will value me? Um and
for a long time, I'm I'm a bit of a
capital markets reform geek, especially
when it referred like as far as like
short-selling regulations. So, I follow
any developments related to
short-selling. Um and I believe it's
like November 23rd that Korea had banned
short-selling. So, it's you know,
alarm going off in my head and Korea's
on my radar. So, because whatever's
happening there is going to be
interesting, you know, good or bad. Um
at that time, I was thinking of it
potentially as a place I would want to
go short sometime.
Um but then I started to learn more
about Korea and what was happening
there.
Um and it's you know, we we we've all
been touched by Korean culture somehow.
You know, Korean food, K-pop, K-drama,
um and and Korea's such an interesting
country to me because it's really
developed its national identity
after World War II in the face of
globalization. So, as we've seen the
rise of globalization, we've seen the
rise of Korea.
Um and we see it as this really
sophisticated manufacturing-based
economy that exports a lot, but at the
end of the day, technically, it's still
an emerging market, uh which is crazy.
And if you look at the political history
of Korea, most presidents have have been
investigated,
prosecuted, exiled,
>> The politics are very e um coded, I
would
say.
>> Um and and you know,
that is crazy, but at the same time,
most chairmen of Samsung have also been
investigated, prosecuted, and sometimes
jailed, and sometimes pardoned. Uh so,
there's this idea of accountability
um and a certain expectation that the
Korean public has on its institutions.
Um, and this arises from a Korean value
called Chemion, which is face. Uh,
basically the the face that you show to
the world. Um, and and it's with through
this concept and through this lens I
really started to understand the market
very well. Um, I spent, you know, a lot
of time there.
Um, as as I'm looking to launch this new
fund, um, we're looking to do long
shareholder activism in Korea.
Um, but in the aftermath of this
short-selling ban,
um, after the Democratic administration
came into, uh, position,
they've made a really concerted effort
to fix a lot of the structural issues
that were holding Korea back, especially
Korean markets. There's a big focus on
deepening the FX market, stabilizing the
won, encouraging domestic equity flows,
and of course modernizing corporate
governance. And it's on this last point
where I feel like I can really add
value.
Um, and it's really exciting for me to
be a part of the transformation there.
>> Wait, so give us an example of what
improving corporate governance in Korea
would look like. How do you,
you know, we're talking about it in the
same language as going short, but maybe
that stands up your point. Like how do
you identify a target and what you can
actually do here?
>> Well, I I I want to to to first say that
stock price has not been the guiding
factor of Korean companies. Um, you
know, I mentioned these utilities
holding companies before. Um, that was
back in the 1920s in the US before the
establishment of the SEC. Well, Korean
companies have looked like that
through most of, you know, the modern
era. Um, and it was only this past year,
not even a full year ago, that Korea
enshrined the rights of shareholders
into their corporate code. So, companies
now have a fiduciary duty to
shareholders to provide fair and
equitable treatment. Um so, there is now
this I this idea of chemyun now applies
to stock price. And that is going to
change a lot of the behavior of how
companies act and how these holding
companies and these families that run
them, the chaebols, how they act. Um
Korea has been dominated by these
chaebols. And one of the main things
that they've they've been trying to
avoid is inheritance tax. So, a lot of
the governance issues have been related
to
different structure transactions they
would do to depress the value of the
assets in order to minimize their
inheritance tax burden. Um but now they
realize they can't do this.
>> It's like a fraud in the other direction
kind of, right?
>> Exactly. Yeah. It exactly. Uh so, it's a
fraud to make things cheaper, not more
expensive.
Uh
and that's really interesting for me
because I have an expertise in fraud and
I can actually unlock that that discount
that value from these businesses. Um but
the other interesting dynamic with these
chaebols is that they're now either
entering or exiting their third
succession. So, you have a new
generation of owners that are much more
globally oriented. They're looking at
what's happening in US markets. They're
much more capital aware. They start
seeing the prestige behind having a big
stock a high stock price. So, they're
much more willing to engage.
Um
so, the companies that I'm looking at in
Korea are not the ones that are the high
fliers. I'm I'm not looking at Samsung
and SK Hynix. Um I think they know what
they're doing.
Um I'm looking at the businesses that
don't have as much experience with
foreign markets. Um that have sort of
been bogged down by these corporate
structures over the past couple of
years. And this new generation doesn't
really know how to rid themselves of
that history. Um because the thing about
the Korean investing public is they're
very passionate. Um
and traditionally these Korean retail
investors have stayed away from Korean
equities because of the bad experience
holding these troubled companies that
have these depressed value.
Um but now uh
actually the financial regulator just
announced recently that if if you're a
company on the KOSPI where you're you're
trading below book value, you will be
named and shamed.
>> Wow.
>> Um so that will be a great place to
start
>> is a thing. Yeah.
>> Penalize companies for being too cheap.
Um so you talk about this generational
change.
Trying to ask this in the right way. Um
is it true what they say about Korean
retail traders? They have a reputation
for they really like to place bets.
That's the what that's what people talk
about online. Is that true about the
trading public in Korea?
>> Yeah, so so I've been fortunate enough
to spend a lot of time with retail
investors there. And you definitely do
have a younger generation of retail
investors that's very digitally
connected.
Um and they are certainly trading trade
they're trading meme stocks. They're
proud to have their triple levered ETFs
and stock ETFs.
>> is what the reputation Yeah.
>> So so they're they are there. They're
noisy, but they are not the largest part
of the retail public. Um the largest
part are you know traditional value
investors who've really tried to build
generational wealth through their their
their accounts.
Um and they've stayed away from Korean
equities again because of what they
viewed as value destruction. Um and
suddenly now because of the incentives
and because of these structural changes
that are happening, those investors are
now starting to buy into Korean
equities.
>> All right, Femi. Um thank you so much
for coming on Odd Lots and explaining
your new strategy. It sounds
fascinating. Uh and we appreciate it.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> All right. That was our conversation
recorded live in London on May 7th. I'm
Tracy Alloway. You can follow me at
Tracy Alloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal. You can follow
me at The Stalwart. Follow our producers
Carmen Rodriguez at Carmen Armon Dash
Dash Bot Kill Brooks at Kill Brooks and
Kevin Lozano at Kevin Lloyd Lozano.
>> And for more Odd Lots content, you
should check out our daily newsletter.
You can find that at
bloomberg.com/oddlots.
>> And you can chat about all these topics
24/7 in our Discord discord.gg/oddlots.
>> And if you enjoyed this conversation,
then please like the video, leave a
comment, or better yet, subscribe.
>> Thanks for watching.